Do you receive money, sister?
He's a stinky dick payment code.
I paid you to get out
Stinky dick eats women's soft rice
Civic is lucky not to be with the trash
It's better for a man to live like you than to die
Eat soft rice
Do you know he just lent me 5 million
I also bought Long River Hospital for 21 yuan
Who can give him a bowl of rice to eat?
If he is garbage
You're afraid you can't even send out the trash.
You said this loser lent you 5 million
2 billion to buy Long River Hospital for you
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Just such a poor guy
This is the transfer record given to me by the video.
How is this possible?
I don't believe it.
Why don't you go to Changhe Hospital?
Listen to what Dean Zhu has to say
Remind the host to return to Changhe Hospital
The host will be at risk of eating Long River Hospital observation
Miss Jiang, it's not that I don't believe it
Is it this one?
I can't believe it. I
Me and Lu Xuan
Have known each other for several years
He has lived with me for several years
He can't go to Long River Hospital
Otherwise I'll have to sit in jail
We must find a way to get Jiang Yufei as soon as possible
Get rid of the thought of rejection
General, there's no need to talk nonsense with him
You can't go, you can't let him go
I finally met a super rich second generation
I'm going to regret it for the rest of my life
You can't go